    After learning the facts, I feel that the data strongly supports the opinion that dogs are the best animal. I believe this point is strongly supported by the following details: they have great characteristics, there are a lot of types and personalities, and they will always love you. When dissected carefully, these points bring new meaning to this opinion. I feel that reading this essay will cause the audience to agree strongly with the points above. 
    First and foremost, an important point to consider is that they have great characteristics. Attention must be brought to dogs will always be there for you when considering this point. This thought strongly supports the initial opinion. To support this point, one must keep in mind they are super loyal. I find that the best support of this opinion comes from the lesser considered evidence. Indeed, this point is brought to life when taking dogs are always ready to have fun into account. They will always want to go on a walk or play with you. 
    Another detail to keep in mind is that there are a lot of types and personalities. Indeed, this point is brought to life when taking small dogs for small homes into account. Apartment dogs like pugs and shitzus are perfect. Some compelling evidence towards this point is big dogs for active playful people. This thought strongly supports the initial opinion. 
    Another point I feel should be discussed is they will always love you. When you take into consideration man's best friend is more like everyone's best friend, this topic becomes undoubtable. They are always happy to see you and greet you when you get home. 
    In the final analysis of the data, it can be observed that dogs are the best animal. This is supported in my discussion of they have great characteristics, there are a lot of types and personalities, and they will always love you. With all this in mind, one must consider all options for this opinion.This essay ends with the hope that the reader has a stronger understanding of the intricate details involved in this opinion. 
